[Music]
hey I've got breaking news for you there
are no superheroes in reality but still
have you ever wondered how actors for
trained superheroes get in such
fantastic shape and today I'm gonna tell
you about the workout that can make a
Wonder Woman out of any giving girl out
there so let's get started 1 rowing
rowing is a nice exercise that can be
used both as a warm-up and as a general
cardio routine it's a low risk kind of
training compared to running for example
because it doesn't hurt your back and
especially joints as much also as
opposed to running which mainly targets
your legs rowing is good for both your
upper and lower body but anyway if
you're unable to use the rowing machine
for some reason it can be easily
substituted with running swimming or any
other car you exercise that fits you
best
the main thing right now is to get your
blood pumping and your body ready for
some real action do five minutes of
warm-up then five more minutes of
intense interval training 10 seconds
sprint 50 seconds going easy to mountain
climbers this one is a classic full body
exercise that combines a cardio workout
and strength training targeting almost
every muscle in your body to perform it
correctly get into a plank position
propping your entire body on your hands
and toes make sure your hands are
directly below your shoulders and your
body makes a straight line from the neck
down now pull your right knee as close
to your chest as you can without losing
the form tighten your abs to make sure
your body doesn't sag then switch your
legs straightening the right one back
into its initial position and pulling
your left knee to your chest at the same
time it's important to do these motions
simultaneously so that your core is
tight all the time keep switching your
legs and do it quickly enough ideally
you should be running in place with your
upper body propped on your hands one
minute of mountain climbers should do
the trick
[Music]
three bird dogs bird dogs are a staple
in learning core stability they engage
your abs and back muscles at the same
time they teach you balance and as an
added bonus they're safe for you even if
you've had a back injury recently stand
on all fours with your hands directly
underneath your shoulders and your knees
making a straight line with your hips
keep your back straight and pull in your
abs now raise your right arm reaching
forward with it and your left leg as
well reaching back it's crucial that you
shouldn't wobble from side to side pull
let your corset hold the peak position
for a couple of seconds and return to
the initial one repeat it with your left
arm and right leg since we're talking
Wonderwoman training here don't count
the reps just perform the exercise for
one minute straight for Burpee broad
jumps yeah
nobody loves burpees but they're
essential in a full-body workout Burpee
broad jumps however take them to an even
more hardcore level you'll need some
space for form this exercise so make
sure you have a room large enough not to
break anything in your way start out
with a regular plank position tighten
your core and pull your legs to your
chest in a swift motion next push
yourself up to a standing position with
your feet at hip width
now without pause bend your knees
incline forward keeping your back
straight and leap forward as far as you
can try landing firmly on both feet then
Crouch with your hands planted on the
floor and kick your legs back into the
plank position once again don't count
the reps and do the jumps for one minute
five pull-ups
well this one is among the basic
strength exercises for your upper body
it's additional benefit is that it can
be done with different grips that target
different muscles the standard pull-ups
are performed with medium grip targeting
your back and shoulders so that's what
we're going to do the only equipment
you'll need is a horizontal bar so find
one and let's get started to perform a
pull-up grab the bar with your palms
facing outward hands shoulder width
apart incline your torso a bit back
bringing your chest forward you should
raise yourself until your chin is above
the bar don't forget to exhale while
doing the pull-up then in a slow and
controlled movement bring yourself back
to the initial position inhaling while
you do it
gal gadot does seven sets of three reps
of this exercise if you're unprepared
for such a challenge yet simply do as
many sets of three reps as you can until
you get to the necessary level six
push-ups this is the final exercise of
the full body workout to become Wonder
Woman yay push-ups are another basic
thing to do strengthening your chest
shoulders and triceps muscles get into a
plank position with your hands directly
below your shoulders slowly start
lowering yourself to the floor and as
soon as you touch it with your chest
push yourself up and that's actually it
try doing five sets of three reps or
just like with pull ups as many sets of
three as you physically can and that's
it for the Wonder Woman full body
workout to follow the routine more
closely and see the best results perform
the exercises above in the following
order warm-up rowing five minutes then
five minutes of interval rowing mountain
climbers one-minute bird dogs 1-minute
Burpee broad jumps one-minute bird dogs
one-minute mountain climbers one
minute's Burpee broad jumps one-minute
pull-ups seven sets of three reps
push-ups five sets of three reps
like I said at the beginning most of
these exercises can be substituted with
others more or less intense than the
ones above for example if you funny
mountain climbers too easy you can try
bear crawls instead which are sort of an
advanced version of mountain climbers
where you have to move forward on all
fours on the other hand if standard
push-ups from a plank position are too
hard for you for instance you can
replace them with an easier variation
propping your lower body on your knees
this will lift some of the weight you
have to push up and last but not least
you should take a rest between every
exercise in your workout but no longer
than two minutes this kind of training
is intense and you need muscle tone and
heart rate up to achieve best results to
add some muscle to the lean and Sprinter
like bod you should also do some barbell
exercises they will complete your
Wonderwoman look and up your strength
and endurance
however barbell exercises heavily depend
on your Constitution body type and
health restrictions so before you decide
which one to perform consult your doctor
and a professional gym trainer I've no
doubt you know that but still it's
important to mention that diet is
crucial when it comes to getting in
shape especially if it's a superhero
shape gal gadot shared the secrets of
her diet in 2016 for the Muscle &
Fitness Journal
she said her diet was created by her
trainer and to build muscles and lose
excess fat she focused on green
vegetables lean protein and drinking
plenty of water however she also
confessed that she's a foodie and can't
resist a piece of cake or a spoonful of
ice cream from time to time the key she
says is in moderation and respecting
what you eat so never drink coke while
you're driving guys
would you dare to try the Wonder Woman
workout yourself let me know down in the
comments if you learn something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend
but hey don't go anywhere just yet we
have over 2000 cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is pick the
left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life